Button, ButtonLink: Default to ghost neutral in non-legacy themes (#1363)
seek-oss/braid-design-system: .changeset/curly-gorillas-pull.md

---
'braid-design-system': minor
---

---
updated:
  - Button
  - ButtonLink
---

> **Button, ButtonLink:** Default to ghost neutral in non-legacy themes

Reviewer: Nitpick: the tone and variant ordering flip flops throughout this changeset. Should it be more consistent? E.g always prefer mentioning the `tone` before the `variant`?
```suggestion
**Button, ButtonLink:** Default to ghost neutral in non-legacy themes
```

Author: Yeah can do.

By default, a button now has a `neutral` tone and uses the `ghost` variant, allowing the visual prominence to be increased or decreased as required, enabling colour to be applied as accents and with purpose, rather than by default.

```jsx
<Button />
// => variant="ghost" & tone="neutral"
```

> To compliment this, when a `tone` is purposefully applied, the default variant is becomes `solid` to maximise it’s impact — allowing the visual prominence to be reduced as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compliment this, when a `tone` is purposefully applied, the default variant becomes `solid` to maximise its impact — allowing the visual prominence to be reduced as needed.
```

```jsx
<Button tone="brandAccent" />
// => variant="solid" & tone="brandAccent"
```

### No change for `apac` and `seekBusiness` consumers

> Given the fundamental change in approach to colour and usage of such a core component, this change has been isolated newer themes and **does not impact `apac` and `seekBusiness` consumers**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the fundamental change in approach to colour and usage of such a core component, this change has been isolated to newer themes and **does not impact `apac` and `seekBusiness` consumers**.
```
